---
image: external-sdcard.png
caption: "Mo Cuishle directory on an external SD card."
subheadline: "SD cards and pass streaming data."
title: "BED-Con 2016 Berlin"
---

New binary previews are uploaded regarding a talk at the BED-Con 2016 in Berlin 
Germany. *Mo Cuishle* better supports external SD cards and introduces a pass 
feature to relay streaming content without filling the cache.
<!--more-->

# External SD cards on Android since 4.1

With Android 4.1 Google introduced a feature which blocks apps from writing in 
arbitrary paths on SD cards. While it's okay to write on the emulated SD card 
it's prohibited on a removable card outside its `data` directory. Sorry, I was 
surprised about that since *Cyanogenmod* had disabled this in its 4.4 based 
version. Now I'm using 6.0.1 and it's possible to use external SD cards again.

# Pass content for streaming and downloads

*Mo Cuishle* provides an UI to pass addresses to avoid filling the cache with
useless contents like streaming data which can't be replayed. After downloading 
a file, it's available in the download directory. So it's useless to hold it in 
the cache twice. The new `pass` feature works exclusively to the existing 
`block` feature. 

# Minor additions and fixes

Fix missed current requested addresses on HTPS. While a HTTPS connection is 
tunneled after the CONNECT, updating the list of last used addresses was broken. 
Now the 60 seconds timeout is updated on every request with HTTPS too. 

The Locale can be defined in markup by a language tag now. There is no comma in 
the age number format on a German system any longer. 

*Mo Cuishle* displays the age of search index in the navigation now.

Increase default log level from WARN to INFO on *Android* as on desktop.

Some updates like *Netty* 4.1.0.Final and other dependencies.

Update *android-maven-plugin* to work with *Eclipse Andmore*.

After including *Android* API-23 support library modifying HTML by *RegExp* 
seems to be slower significant. A timeout in modifying HTML disables coloring of 
links after 5 seconds to avoid blocking situations happens on my old *Samsung 
S3 (I9300)* device.
