> Not ready to going public at the moment.

# License

*Mo Cuishle* is released as a binary preview only for now. 

**The Software is distributed on an “AS IS” basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
either express or implied.**
<!--more-->

I plan to going public, means *Open Source*, to let people helping to make 
*Mo Cuishle* the best solution available. 

But, there are a lot of thoughts about for me. I'll try to describe. 

**Pro:** I'm using Open Source Software a lot. I love it and I appreciate it. It 
should be the right time to honor it. I've published the 
[MITM](https://github.com/ganskef/LittleProxy-mitm) part. 

**Pro:** I never would use a software like this with all my private data without 
seeing the source code for myself. That's the reason I've built it :-).

**Pro:** It has reached a nearly ready state. Sure every time I'm short before 
publishing a new surprising thing is hitting me. I've solved a lot of things. 
So waiting for what?

**Con:** There are technical reasons: It depends on patched versions of *Netty* 
and *LittleProxy* not available in *Maven Central*, <strike>the build depends on
<i>cfx</i> replaced by <i>jpm</i>,</strike> it needs more tests, some more 
cleanup, ... elusions?

**Con:** Such a project is a kind of responsibility. It's a product and it needs a 
quality state. This sounds like real working. Am I really ready to get this? 
I'm a friend of little steps. 

**Con:** Publishing the source code isn't reversible. I wouldn't like to see it 
in Google Play branded by another. The best thing against is to be the best for 
free with high quality and publicity. See on top, stay tuned, and let's see what 
happens. 

**Issues:** [here](https://github.com/ganskef/MoCuishle/issues) I am always 
happy about feedback. I'll start with sharing my ideas there too. 

**PR's:** [here](https://github.com/ganskef/MoCuishle/pulls) Please feel free to 
fix my English if you think I'm wrong somewhere on this site. 

## Licenses included in the Mozilla Add-on

Public Domain: sqlite4java native library (linux-amd64)

New BSD License: Hamcrest Core

Unknown: Mo Cuishle - CLI executable JAR, Mo Cuishle - Library

BSD: JZlib

Apache License, Version 2.0: Apache Commons CLI, Apache Commons Codec, Apache Commons Lang, Netty/Buffer, Netty/Codec, Netty/Codec/HTTP, Netty/Common, Netty/Handler, Netty/Resolver, Netty/Transport

Bouncy Castle Licence: Bouncy Castle PKIX, CMS, EAC, TSP, PKCS, OCSP, CMP, and CRMF APIs, Bouncy Castle Provider

Common Public License Version 1.0: JUnit

MIT License: JUL to SLF4J bridge, SLF4J API Module, SLF4J LOG4J-12 Binding

The Apache Software License, Version 2.0: Apache Log4j, Commons IO, Gson, Guava: Google Core Libraries for Java, LittleProxy, LittleProxy - Man-In-The-Middle, sqlite4java, sqlite4java native library (linux-amd64)

The MIT License: jsoup

## Licenses included in the Android App

Apache Software License, version 1.1: MXP1: Xml Pull Parser 3rd Edition (XPP3)

Public Domain: MXP1: Xml Pull Parser 3rd Edition (XPP3), sqlite4java native library (linux-amd64)

Unknown: Mo Cuishle - Android, Mo Cuishle - Library, support-v4, xmlParserAPIs

BSD: JZlib

Eclipse Public License - v 1.0: Logback Android Classic Module, Logback Android Core Module

Apache License, Version 2.0: Apache Commons Lang, Netty/Buffer, Netty/Codec, Netty/Codec/HTTP, Netty/Common, Netty/Handler, Netty/Resolver, Netty/Transport, apktool library

Bouncy Castle Licence: Bouncy Castle PKIX, CMS, EAC, TSP, PKCS, OCSP, CMP, and CRMF APIs, Bouncy Castle Provider

provided without support or warranty: JSON (JavaScript Object Notation)

GNU Lesser General Public License: Logback Android Classic Module, Logback Android Core Module

The Apache Software License, Version 2.0: Codec, Commons IO, Commons Logging, Gson, Guava: Google Core Libraries for Java, LittleProxy, LittleProxy - Man-In-The-Middle, sqlite4java, sqlite4java native library (linux-amd64)

Indiana University Extreme! Lab Software License, vesion 1.1.1: MXP1: Xml Pull Parser 3rd Edition (XPP3)

Apache License: HttpClient, HttpCore

Apache 2.0: Google Android Java ME Library (Khronos), Google Android Library

MIT License: JUL to SLF4J bridge, SLF4J API Module

The MIT License: jsoup

## Credits

Many thanks to the folks from the [Netty project](http://netty.io/) for 
providing this solid base and for the excellent work of the **contributors of 
all the componets** I've used.

Thanks to Moritz »mo.« Sauer to give this beautiful Jekyll theme 
[Simplicity](http://phlow.github.io/simplicity/) to us, since I am a poorly web 
designer.

----

## Issue #2

GitHub documentation: Links in wiki pages are broken 
[#2](https://github.com/ganskef/MoCuishle/issues/2): Relative URL 
[../mocuishle/](../mocuishle/) works on the 
[site](https://ganskef.github.io/MoCuishle/license/#issue-2), but 
[2016-09-26-mocuishle.md](2016-09-26-mocuishle.md) works in the GitHub 
[sources](https://github.com/ganskef/MoCuishle/blob/gh-pages/_posts/2016-01-16-license.md#issue-2). 
I have no idea to solve this.
